Front-end development is
essential for creating
interactive and visually
appealing web experiences.
Mastering its core
principles, tools,
and workflows is crucial
for building successful,
user-friendly websites
and applications.
We began by introducing
the fundamentals of front-end
development and explored
the critical practices and
principles that drive
successful projects.
Next, we examined the roles and
duties of a front-end engineer,
discuss the vital skills
and technologies needed,
and learn how to manage
the workflow in this
fast-paced field.
Then we moved on to
the fundamentals
of front-end project planning,
covering crucial techniques
and integrating tools and
strategies to ensure smooth
and successful execution.
Next, you learned
how to carry out
front-end development tasks from
identifying and assigning tasks,
to managing workflows
efficiently.
Next, we explore the basics
of version control systems,
focusing on Git and GitHub,
and how they improve
collaboration
in front-end
development projects.
Congratulations.
You have completed
Introduction to
Front-End Development.